Sometimes the original choice you made for a branch of the service was
based on erroneous notion of what they would be doing and after you've
served, while especially if you've served with some of the other
branches you may say "gosh I wish I hadn't joined service A, I wish
I'd join service B instead". If that happens what are the options you
have and I would have to tell you they're pretty limited. If you
signed on the dotted line saying I will serve for six to eight years
what have you signed for in service a. They put a lot of money and
you investing in boot camp for your non productive and in your training
where you're non productive and they finally got to the point where
you're productive, they're disinclined to say "well okay we'll just
call it even and you can go join another armed force". So it's very
very difficult to change forces except between enlistments. I enlisted
originally in the marine corps, did four years active duty then
did two years of non pay reserve duty, in which I was going to drills
but not getting paid for it. But I finished up my entire six year
enlistment before I got my honorable discharge from themarine corps,
reenlisted but in the Navy, enlisted the navy as an enlisted person
then got commissioned later on. That worked out fine, the marine
corps is happy, the navy's happy, the only problem is mine marine corps
buddies arent happy because that they consider that an act of treason
for me to join the Navy. They would've been happier if I'd join
the Russian army that for me to have joined the Navy